2.2
---

- Add Redis Sentinel support.
- Increase new metric event processing speed by adding a cache on metric patterns.
- Update carbonapi (new functions: map, reduce, delay; updated: asPercent).
- Optimize reading metrics while checking trigger (removed unnecessary Redis transaction).
- Add domain autoresolving for self-metrics sending to Graphite.
- Fix concurrent read/write from expression cache.
- Re-enable Markdown in Slack sender.
- Optimize internal metric collection.
- Replace pseudotags with ordinary checkboxes in Web UI (but not on backend yet).
- Fix bug that allowed to create pseudotags (ERROR, etc.) as ordinary tags.
- Add metrics for each trigger handling time.
- Translate pagination.
- Make sorting by status the default option on trigger page.
- Hide tag list on trigger edit page.
- Sort tags alphabetically everywhere.
- Highlight metric row on mouse hover.
- Automatically add tags from search bar when creating new trigger.
- Add metric name to "Trigger has same timeseries names" error message.
- Update event names in case trigger name had changed.
- Fix bug in triggers with multiple targets. Metrics from targets T2, T3, ... were not deleted properly.
- Fix old-style configuration files in platform-specific packages.
- Fix bug that prevented non-integer timestamps from processing.
- Fix logo image background.
- Fix sorting on -s and 0s.
- Fix UI glitch while setting maintenance time.
- Fix retention scheme parsing for some rare cases with comments.